so al was born like a crocodile but grew
like a bird probably reaching full size
in just six to eight years and by the
time a child is just starting school al
would already have been a fine physical
specimen
she lost her now play of a dinosaur
dinosaurs
so how did he feed this fantastic growth
again his two living relatives may
provide a clue but they have very
different approaches to eaten
their strategy and feeding is the plenty
of time that's all they've got is a lot
of time to wait for something to make a
mistake a person or another animal it's
it's bite first and ask questions later
that's what they do they grab something
that when it offers the opportunity for
such as my leg can we move this animal
she's going to be real testing here
that's a little female move girl thank
you
oh now here's a great opportunity to see
a basic difference between a bird and an
alligator what we see is how a bird is
choosing to feed the great part is is
anytime you see a bird like this feeding
is it can actually take and pick out its
food amounts of twigs and sticks and
other pebbles and things here it
selectively picks them up and swallows
them an alligator on the other hand will
strike it anything it sees what we're
going to try to do here is trick these
alligators into coming after the
dinosaur down here see they don't really
care what it is they're grabbing their
opportunity ters they see something they
perceive it as a food item and they go
for
the alligators use their excellent sense
of smell to track down their prey and
dipped in fish oil even the inedible toy
seems tempting
in fact the differences between the bird
and the alligators behavior is reflected
in the shape of their brain a look
inside alles head could provide direct
evidence of his behavior and although
Allosaurus are long dead a remarkable
fossil has let scientists do just that
it's a brain cast from the inside of an
Allosaurus skull how does this compare
with his relatives well let's start with
a bird here's a model of a bird if we
look at the way the bird is we find out
that a bird has a very large region
that's dedicated to processing
information and a very small region
dedicated to sensory inputs such as
smelling something well what about an
alligator if we take the alligator brain
and compare that Dallin source we see
something that looks very very similar
this is sensory information that comes
in here and then goes to a region that's
actually rather small for processing
that information and it snaps at it so
it just strikes and hits whatever smells
right that compares extremely well with
Allosaurus therefore these features tell
us that if we want to compare Allosaurus
to a modern-day animal that would be an
alligator because their brains resemble
each other very very much consequently
their behaviors must have been very
similar